PRIVACY POLICY
The Atomic Play Apps team built the Swords Hero: Survivor game as a Free app. This Game is provided by Atomic Play Apps at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding our policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use our Game.

If you choose to use our Game, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that we collect is used for providing and improving the Game. We will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which are accessible at Atomic Play Apps unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

Children’s Privacy, Eligibility

This Game does not address anyone under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age. In the case we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we immediately delete this from our servers. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your child has provided us with personal information, please contact us so that we will be able to do the necessary actions.

Information Collection and Use, Advertising

The data we collect depends on the context of your interactions with us, the choices you make, including your privacy settings, and the products and features you use.

Most of the data that we collect about you comes directly from you when you play our games, or interact with our websites, advertising or other Services.

The data we collect may include:

data about your account and game progress include how you play our games and interact with our Services (such as which of our games you are playing, the game versions, your progress through the games, session time and duration, number of attempts at each level and purchase made);
your device identifiers (such as advertising ID);
data about your device, such as device name and operating system, network state, browser type and language;
data we collect about you from other third party companies who have obtained your consent or have another legal right to share such data with us;
data for advertising and analytics purposes, so we can provide you a better Service; and
other data you choose to give us.
Link to the privacy policy of third-party service providers used by the app:

Business verification status
In review
base,  policies.google.com/privacy;
Facebook Audience Network, https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation
Google Analytics, Google Firebase, https://policies.google.com/privacy;
Unity Technologies, https://unity3d.com/ru/legal/privacy-policy;
We may display advertisements managed by third parties on the App (“advertising partners”), that are defined in this Privacy Policy. Please be aware that the app does not have access to that data and does not control the advertisements content that will be shown to you.

Please find a list of our advertising partners and the privacy policies describing their practices and allowing you to exercise your rights directly toward them hereafter:

Google AdMob,  https://policies.google.com/privacy;
Facebook Audience Network, https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation;
Unity Technologies, https://unity3d.com/ru/legal/privacy-policy;
We don’t sell your personal data to advertisers, and we don’t share information that directly identifies you (such as your name, email address or other contact information) with advertisers unless you give us specific permission.

Controlling Your Personal Information

If you provide personal information to us, You understand We may collect, hold, use, and disclose Your personal information in accordance with this privacy policy. You can choose not to disclose your personal information, but it may affect Your use of the app.

If We receive personal information about You from a third party, We will protect it as set out in this privacy policy. If You are a third party providing personal information about somebody else, You represent and warrant that You have such person’s consent to provide the personal information to us.

If You have previously agreed to Us using Your personal information for direct marketing purposes, You may change Your mind at any time by contacting Us using the details below with “Privacy Request” in the subject line.

You may request details of the personal information that We hold about You by contacting us using the details below with “Privacy Request” in the subject line.

If You believe that any information We hold about You is inaccurate, out of date, incomplete, irrelevant, or misleading, please contact Us using the details provided below with “Privacy Request” in the subject line. We will take reasonable steps to correct any information found to be inaccurate, incomplete, misleading, or out of date.

We will not discriminate against You for exercising any of Your rights over Your personal information. Unless Your personal information is required to provide You with a particular service or offer (for example providing user support), We will not deny You to use our app.

We will comply with laws applicable to Us in respect of any data breach.

If You believe that We have breached a relevant data protection law and wish to make a complaint, please contact Us using the details below and provide Us with full details of the alleged breach with “Privacy Request” in the subject line. We will promptly investigate Your complaint and respond to You, in writing, setting out the outcome of Our investigation and the steps We will take to deal with Your complaint. You may also have the right to contact a regulatory body or data protection authority in relation to Your complaint.

Your Rights and Controlling Your Personal Information(GDPR)

Subject to certain conditions, You have the following rights:

You have the right to request copies of Your personal data from us. We may charge You a small fee for this service.
You have the right to request Us to correct information You believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request that We complete information that You believe is incomplete. 
You may have a right to request that We delete the personal information We hold about You at any time, and We will take reasonable steps to delete Your personal information from Our current records. If You ask Us to delete Your personal information, We will let You know how the deletion affects Your use of the Site or products and services. There may be exceptions to this right for specific legal reasons which, if applicable, We will set out for You in response to Your request.
You have the right to request that We restrict the processing of Your personal information if (i) You are concerned about the accuracy of Your personal information; (ii) You believe Your personal information has been unlawfully processed; (iii) You need Us to maintain the personal information solely for the purpose of a legal claim; or (iv) We are in the process of considering Your objection in relation to processing on the basis of legitimate interests.
You have the right to object to the processing of Your personal information that is based on Our legitimate interests or public interest. If this is done, We must provide compelling legitimate grounds for the processing which overrides Your interests, rights, and freedoms, in order to proceed with the processing of Your personal information.
You have the right to request a copy of the personal information You have provided to Us to be provided to You and/or another data controller, and that the format of such information be in a structured, commonly used and machine-readable format.
We have 30 days to respond to You if you make a request. To exercise any of these rights please contact Us below with “GDPR Privacy Request” in the subject line: atomicplayapps@gmail.com

CCPA Privacy Rights (Do Not Sell My Personal Information)
Under the CCPA, among other rights, California consumers have the right to:

Request that a business that collects a consumer's personal data disclose the categories and specific pieces of personal data that a business has collected about consumers.
Request that a business delete any personal data about the consumer that a business has collected.
Request that a business that sells a consumer's personal data, not sell the consumer's personal data.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us.
Service Providers

We may employ third-party companies and individuals due to the following reasons:

To perform Game-related services; or
To assist us in analyzing how our Game is used.
We want to inform users of our Game that these third parties have access to their Personal Information. The reason is to perform the tasks assigned to them on our behalf. However, they are obligated not to disclose or use the information for any other purpose.

You are not under any obligation to provide our Partners with your personal data for marketing purposes. You can withdraw your consent to your personal data being processed for the purposes of marketing communications at any time by contacting Us at email address atomicplayapps@gmail.com

If you do choose to withdraw your consent, this will not mean that Our processing of your personal data before you withdraw your consent was unlawful.

Our Partners (Google Admob) can collect or use your personal information (for ex. ad identifiers, age, country, region, gender, language, games played by you, information related to the interaction of you with the Services and with other users, and so on) and collect Your cookies to show you personalized advertisements based on your interests. By accepting this PRIVACY POLICY, you agree that our Partners may collect and use information about you to personalize advertising and marketing materials.

Our partners have published detailed data about using of information about you, including ways you can control the information that is shared by your device when you visit or interact with sites and apps, at:

NAME

PURPOSE

COUNTRY

PRIVACY POLICIES

Google LLC (Google Ads, Google Admob, Google Firebase

analysis of the Users' experience within the App and how Users use the Services and App

Ireland, USA

https://policies.google.com/privacy?hl=en

Facebook Inc.

analysis of the Users' experience within the App and how Users use the Services and App

Ireland, USA

https://www.facebook.com/privacy/explanation

Unity Technologies

analysis of the Users' experience within the App and how Users use the Services and App

California, USA

https://unity3d.com/ru/legal/privacy-policy 





AppLovin Inc. 

analysis of the Users' experience within the App and how Users use the Services and App

USA

https://www.applovin.com/privacy/


We also may use support from the specialists skilled in performing tasks to enhance our Services as well as other independent contractors, e.g. IT specialists, accountants, auditors, lawyers, etc, provided that all adequate safeguards are put in place.

In order to secure the adequate level of protection, We implemented the Standard Contractual Clauses as well as signed Data Processing Agreements in the relationships with the engaged contractors, so they are bound to preserve at least the same level of personal data protection as it is granted by the law applicable to us.

We encourage you to review the privacy policies of our advertising and marketing partners so that you can understand how these third parties collect, use and share your information. We are not responsible for the privacy policies of any third party whether accessed through the Services or otherwise.

Security

We value your trust in providing us your Personal Information, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. But remember that no method of transmission over the internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links to Other Sites

This Game may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by us. Therefore, we strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. We have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at atomicplayapps@gmail.com

